Create 2022-05-23-announcements.md (#213)
nih-cfde/announcements: 2022-05-23-announcements.md

# CFDE Announcements 

## June All-Hands Meeting

> The CFDE Program Team is pleased to announce we will be holding the annual CFDE Program Meeting on **June 9-10, 2022** at the Bethesdan Hotel in Bethesda, MD. The purpose of this meeting is to bring the CFDE community together to review progress over the past year and discuss strategic issues that impact the ecosystem as a whole. At this time, we are striving for an all in-person meeting. You can find details about the event including registration,  travel recommendations, and booking links at our **[2022 June All-Hands Meeting Website](https://nih-cfde.github.io/2022-june-all-hands-meeting/)** or you can [click here to book a hotel room](https://www.hilton.com/en/book/reservation/deeplink/?ctyhocn=WASBAUP&groupCode=AH6&arrivaldate=2022-06-08&departuredate=2022-06-10&cid=OM,WW,HILTONLINK,EN,DirectLink&fromId=HILTONLINKDIRECT) now. _Discounted room rates have been extended to **May 27**_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CFDE Program Team is pleased to announce we will be holding the annual CFDE Program Meeting on **June 9-10, 2022** at the Bethesdan Hotel in Bethesda, MD. The purpose of this meeting is to bring the CFDE community together to review progress over the past year and discuss strategic issues that impact the ecosystem as a whole. At this time, we are striving for an all in-person meeting. You can find details about the event including registration,  travel recommendations, and booking links at our **[2022 June All-Hands Meeting Website](https://nih-cfde.github.io/2022-june-all-hands-meeting/)**.  _Conference room rates have been extended to **May 27**_.
```
